README.md, before:

# my_profile

The project I have made is my personal website with a home page, an about page, and a page with the projects I've made along with my skill set. There are many animations throughout my website. The homepage features my name, that I drew) animated to bounce, the about section with a typewriter effect, and the project section which has a highlighter animation to give attention to what I used to create my projects. The footer of my website is a wave animation showing how much I like learning about the ocean and how much it fascinates me. The entire website's theme was based upon this, I used the Ocean Blue Serenity color palette from https://coolors.co/palettes/trending. This website uses HTML, CSS, and Javascript. 

The navigation bar uses fake Javascript transitions to move between the three pages.
When you navigate between the different pages, it changes the name in the display to that. This was done with Javascript. 

I drew the art on the homepage and the favicon for the website using iArtbook. 

Another feature is in the about section. This feature shows the user what music I am currently listening to by scrobbling my YouTube Music through last.fm. This was done using Javascript, as well as the animation skip option. 

On the projects page, I feature my skills. If you click on these skills, it will show a popup with more information. The project cards feature a picture of the project, a brief description, link to demo, link to Github repository, and what it was created for. There is a highlighter marker animation to put special attention to the languages or platforms used to create each project. 

I created this website for a fun way for someone to get to know about me. I already had a professional portfolio, but I thought that it would look better if my portfolio was something that I created. 

The biggest difficulties that I had was making the site enjoyable for the user. A lot of my sites had been static or just going between different pages. With this website, I started exploring how to use CSS animations to add some identity to it. I then also realized to truly make the website mine, I could add some art to it. So I then spent 6 and a half hours drawing my name out in iArtbook to fill the empty space on the home page. I kept finding ways to use animations, like the highlight and typewriter animation. The animation that took the longest for me to figure out was the wave animation in the footer. I had to use AI to figure out the starting point for how I had to go about it (that is where the images/background for the waves came from) and then from there I positioned and padding them according to the structure of my site. 

The pictures for the background of my website are from Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/pin/29132728835215685/, https://www.pinterest.com/pin/315181673944539427/

Link to my website: https://pgarg111.github.io/my_profile/

Commit message:

Update README to clarify commit authorship
Clarified authorship of commits in README.

README.md, after:

# my_profile

The project I have made is my personal website with a home page, an about page, and a page with the projects I've made along with my skill set. There are many animations throughout my website. The homepage features my name, that I drew) animated to bounce, the about section with a typewriter effect, and the project section which has a highlighter animation to give attention to what I used to create my projects. The footer of my website is a wave animation showing how much I like learning about the ocean and how much it fascinates me. The entire website's theme was based upon this, I used the Ocean Blue Serenity color palette from https://coolors.co/palettes/trending. This website uses HTML, CSS, and Javascript. 

The navigation bar uses fake Javascript transitions to move between the three pages.
When you navigate between the different pages, it changes the name in the display to that. This was done with Javascript. 

I drew the art on the homepage and the favicon for the website using iArtbook. 

Another feature is in the about section. This feature shows the user what music I am currently listening to by scrobbling my YouTube Music through last.fm. This was done using Javascript, as well as the animation skip option. 

On the projects page, I feature my skills. If you click on these skills, it will show a popup with more information. The project cards feature a picture of the project, a brief description, link to demo, link to Github repository, and what it was created for. There is a highlighter marker animation to put special attention to the languages or platforms used to create each project. 

I created this website for a fun way for someone to get to know about me. I already had a professional portfolio, but I thought that it would look better if my portfolio was something that I created. 

The biggest difficulties that I had was making the site enjoyable for the user. A lot of my sites had been static or just going between different pages. With this website, I started exploring how to use CSS animations to add some identity to it. I then also realized to truly make the website mine, I could add some art to it. So I then spent 6 and a half hours drawing my name out in iArtbook to fill the empty space on the home page. I kept finding ways to use animations, like the highlight and typewriter animation. The animation that took the longest for me to figure out was the wave animation in the footer. I had to use AI to figure out the starting point for how I had to go about it (that is where the images/background for the waves came from) and then from there I positioned and padding them according to the structure of my site. 

The pictures for the background of my website are from Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/pin/29132728835215685/, https://www.pinterest.com/pin/315181673944539427/

It shows that someone else did the commits, but that was me. VS Code on my computer was signed into a different account before. 

Link to my website: https://pgarg111.github.io/my_profile/
